# Specifications for the game class

When you create a game, you nees to provide a sigle file, all the game must be build in this file.
If you want to have multiple files for better development experience, you need to use a muodule bundler (like [rollup](https://rollupjs.org/guide/en)) to compile/transpile our sources into one file. See our [base game template](https://github.com/CPNV-ES/LiveCoding-Game-Starter).

## The `Game` class

When you load your game, LiveCoding will import the main game file into the platform, and will lanch the game by instantiating the `Game` class.

To work properly thiy class must meet certain characteristics :

### Game class constructor parameters

LiveCoding will pass 1 parameters to the Game class called context, this is a javascript object containig multiple keys :

* **element** : `HTMLElement` The dom element in wich you have to display the game.
* **assetsBasePath** : `String` The base path to the assets directory of our game (generated by the platform because it depends on the provider).
* **console** : `Object<Function>` Allows you to display messages in the game console.

TIP: you can use ES6 destructuring operator to inject context elements direcly in your constructor scope.
```js
class Game {
  constructor ({ element, assetsBasePath, console }) {
    // your code
  }
}
```
It allows you tu inject only the elements you vant, for example il you dont use the console...

### Game class methods

The Game class must provide a specific method named `executeGameCommand` to execude the game commands sended by the processor. This method must accept a string (the command), and return the result in string format.

### Game class example

```js
export class Game {

  /**
   * @param {HTMLElement} el
   * @param {string} assetsBasePath
   */
  constructor ({ el, assetsBasePath }) {
    // Initialize your game
  }

  /**
   * @param {string} command
   * @return {string} command output
   */
  executeGameCommand (command) {
    // Execute the command in your game and return the result
  }

}
```
