docs/client/editor.md, before:

# Client code editor

The embeded code editor is provided by the [monaco editor](https://github.com/Microsoft/monaco-editor) package. A web based code editor, developped by Microsoft for Visual Studio Code.

## Why monaco

- Due to the popularity of VS code, the package is actively maintained.
- Great documentation and API specs.
- Support many languages syntax.
- Uses modern JS, with ES6 features.

## EditorBox component

The [EditorBox](../../client/src/components/editor/EditorBox.vue) component manages the editor. When the component is mounted in the view, the component will spawn a new editor and load the configuration and themes into it. When the editor is mounted, we register a new function for the `onDidChangeModelContent` event. This event is fired when the content of the editor is updated, and allows to get the editor content and store it in the application state.

## EditorMenu component

This component is displayed on the left of the navbar, it displays menus to change the theme or language of the editor. When one of these options is changed by the user, observers will update the application state with new value, as the EditorBox compoent watch this property, he can automatically update the editor configuration.

Commit message:

Add screenshot in editor docs

docs/client/editor.md, after:

# Client code editor

The embeded code editor is provided by the [monaco editor](https://github.com/Microsoft/monaco-editor) package. A web based code editor, developped by Microsoft for Visual Studio Code.

## Why monaco

- Due to the popularity of VS code, the package is actively maintained.
- Great documentation and API specs.
- Support many languages syntax.
- Uses modern JS, with ES6 features.
- Edition features (move lines, multi caret, find & replace...)

![editor actions screenshot](../images/live_coding_editor_actions.jpg)

In the screenshot you can see the editor's action menu which lists all possible actions.

## EditorBox component

The [EditorBox](../../client/src/components/editor/EditorBox.vue) component manages the editor. When the component is mounted in the view, the component will spawn a new editor and load the configuration and themes into it. When the editor is mounted, we register a new function for the `onDidChangeModelContent` event. This event is fired when the content of the editor is updated, and allows to get the editor content and store it in the application state.

## Editor settings

In the app settings modal, you can change the editor theme and the editor font size.
